justify-content: This CSS property aligns items horizontally and accepts the following values:

flex-start: Items align to the left side of the container.
flex-end: Items align to the right side of the container.
center: Items align at the center of the container.
space-between: Items display with equal spacing between them.
space-around: Items display with equal spacing around them.

align-items: This CSS property aligns items vertically and accepts the following values.

flex-start: Items align to the top of the container.
flex-end: Items align to the bottom of the container.
center: Items align at the vertical center of the container.
baseline: Items display at the baseline of the container.
stretch: Items are stretched to fit the container.


flex-direction: This CSS property defines the direction items are placed in the container, and accepts the following values:

row: Items are placed the same as the text direction.
row-reverse: Items are placed opposite to the text direction.
column: Items are placed top to bottom.
column-reverse: Items are placed bottom to top.

flex-wrap: 

nowrap: Every item is fit to a single line.
wrap: Items wrap around to additional lines.
wrap-reverse: Items wrap around to additional lines in reverse.

The two properties flex-direction and flex-wrap are used so often together that the shorthand property flex-flow was created to combine them. This shorthand property accepts the value of one of the two properties separated by a space.

For example, you can use flex-flow: row wrap to set rows and wrap them.

align-content: to set how multiple lines are spaced apart from each other. This property takes the following values:

flex-start: Lines are packed at the top of the container.
flex-end: Lines are packed at the bottom of the container.
center: Lines are packed at the vertical center of the container.
space-between: Lines display with equal spacing between them.
space-around: Lines display with equal spacing around them.
stretch: Lines are stretched to fit the container.
This can be confusing, but align-content determines the spacing between lines, while align-items determines how the items as a whole are aligned within the container. When there is only one line, align-content has no effect.